Hello, my name is Karl Rohr and I love surreal horror. The project I would like to shoot is about a character who 
had an ex-significant other pass away two years ago, he has found that persons profile on a dating web site,
and it the profile is active. The key points that are getting touched on, the pain of loss, the surrealism of 
a profile belonging to a dead person being active, and the supernatural conclusion that has yet to be written.

This is a different take from other projects that have been talked about, which is what I would like to do
something to stand out and be different. Instead of a how to, or a demonstration I would like to have fun with
the assignment.

The first point would be surrealism. How strange would it be to see a person in which you shared a relationship with is
now deceased, and there happens to be an active profile of this person on a dating site. How would you react to that?
Would you initially thing? Did someone forget to go through their internet profiles and have them taken down? In this
scenario it's been two years since the person has been deceased, I'd find an active profile after two years strange.
The first thought that would run through my mind is that someone is pulling a seriously cruel prank. The kicker would be
that if you strike the nerve to attempt to conversate with this imposter, and the person you're talking to knows things
only the deceased would know.

The second point would be the actual horror. What if you agreed to meet with the person, or you met at the grave of your
former loved one. This is where a big portion of the effects would come in, physical and digital alike. It really depends
on how I decide to deal with the spirit of the deceased. One of the directions I was thinking of with the meet up is once
the main character agrees to meet with the deceased, a "Ring" effect would happen and the deceased would crawl through the 
monitor. Another direction I was thinking was meeting up at the grave, and a zombie crawls out of the grave.

The third point would be, the goal of this project is to be completely different from the rest of the class and from past
classes. A lot of the examples that were given were nothing like this, a bunch of "How To's" or "Martial Arts" or 
"Cooking". I enjoy that this is going to be completely out of my element except for the genre of the project.

In conclusion this is something that I feel that I can really have fun doing and this will help mitigate the burn out 
I've felt from this degree since December. 
