Shot of a guy sitting down at a desk or couch getting on okCupid.
	Multiple angles of the guy eventually going into the screen looking for people.
	He checks his messages and sees nothing and sighs.

	He starts looking for people and finds an ex who happens to be dead and is online.
		Guy: *sigh*
	Rationally thinking he appologizes to the family of the person who are attempting to close the account.
		Guy: I'm so sorry for you guys are still dealing with her online accounts and I'm sorry for what happened...
		Girl: ???
	Also follows up with if this is someone on her account trolling people.
		Guy: Is this someone trolling on her account?
		Girl: No....? Karl why are you even talking to me, you know we've been done and it's not happening.
		Guy: Get off of her account, you don't need to be starting shit on a dead persons account.
		Girl: ...
		Guy: Seriously... What the hell is wrong with you?
		Girl: Karl, I'm not dead, what is wrong with you?
	He gets up for a drink the shot goes to a behind the guy type of a shot getting a drink out of the fridge and follows him
	back to the computer. The lights could dim a little here and some white noise could come from the computer. The guy doesn't
	seem to notice. The effects should be minimal.
		Girl: Why would you even say something like that? What on earth has gotten into you, 
	The guy sits down.
		Guy: I went to her wake, funeral, the entire service for christ sakes. This isn't funny.
	The guy is starting to get visibily aggitated. Until the girl shares something only they would know.
		Girl: Karl, our first date was at a small movie theater and it was a second showing of Corpse Bride.
		Guy: Someone could dig into my facebook for that, and to do that you have to be someone on my friendslist...
		Guy: Seriously knock this shit off, get off her account and deactivate it.
		Girl: After the movie we went to get dinner at Steak 'N' Shake, you complemented my eyes, told me I was beautiful.
		Girl: Our second date you didn't post on Facebook, we went and walked around town until we decided to rent a movie.
		Girl: We got your favorite because I hadn't seen it. We got the original Crow and watched it. We cuddled downstairs
		Girl: On my futon, and I fell asleep because I thought it was boring. You kept waking me up my poking my sides and
		Girl: Tickling me.
		Guy: ...
		Girl: If you still down believe me, you bought your class ring just because I wanted it. I gave it back to you
		Girl: after you cheated on me. It came with a note, and a blood covered razer blade.
	The camera will periodically go from screen cast to a third person view of the male actor. The lights and setting will
	continually be getting darker (after effects).	
		Guy: ... But you're dead. I'm so sorry... How are you still alive? I was there, I saw them bury you.
		Girl: Oh they did bury me, but I lived on. I've been waiting for you to find me, we need to talk.
		Girl: In person.
		Girl: Steak 'N' Shake in an hour, let's work things out.
	The camera goes back to a behind the guy shot, the lights are horrifically dimm'd there are some audible noises and flash an
	image of the dead girl friend in the background. The guy goes to get some decently looking clothes and she is just standing
	in front of his door.
